with the patient in the device they're
allowed to do functional or play
activities allow them to have total
freedom of movement while still staying
safe but if they do lose the balance the
device that catches them with the
patient in the ambulator you can save
the work on advanced balance and
coordination training for a patient that
has difficulty with reciprocal activity
by putting them on a balance board and
doing reciprocal tasks go ahead step
sight will be right foot down let your
knee bend good and switch back forth you
can accentuate activities that work on
their balance that work on their
symmetry if you would like to add
additional support to the patient by you
as a therapist standing on the device as
in the activity the device becomes a
rigid frame you can then work on other
tasks while they're balancing and
working on more advanced level
activities our loops on the thigh cuff
that can be used to attach resistive
tubing to either create resistance or
assistance with their leg movement
activities again one of the key features
of the ambulator it allows you to step
away from the patient going backwards
and work with them on creating a
resistance activity to get them to
develop overload come forward again and
back the other way this time cross over
in front and bring it around and cross
behind good let's back up a little bit
form good
on the gate harness system on the game
harness itself on the theis right there
are little dudes that you can use
assistive tubing with for strength
training or girl pistol training
exercises
Nicolay walk forward with your arms
cross press your button go ahead they're
gonna needs up as high as you can
good turn to your left 90 degrees
walk forward go ahead
don't want backwards
forward
good it's not turn to camera for me
walk sideways word
you walk away
turn tasty display
good luck 40 there I can do - tubing for
assistance backwards which way big stems
giant good that forward long steps